How to use StilleBot to play games with viewers
===============================================

The "Whisper to participants" feature can be used to restrict some sort of code
or password to a subset of viewers (those "participating" in some form or other).
There are a few things to be done to set up a system for such gaming, and then
you have a simple way to disseminate the password.

First and foremost, be sure the code isn't visible on your stream!! This sounds
like a no-brainer, but it's easy to get caught out (if you hide the code behind
your webcam but use a green-screen, a green water bottle could betray you!), so
check this carefully. Consider having a scene with a dedicated masking image in
the area where the code will be, or switching to a "Getting Ready" scene with a
close-up of your webcam instead of game capture.

Then decide what your definition of "participating" is. Followers only? Type a
specific keyword, or just any chat message? (Some chat message is required, to
prevent lurkers from being unexpectedly called out.) After how long should a
person be dropped from the list if not still talking? (Default is 10 minutes or
600 seconds.)

Start StilleBot, eg by double-clicking on its name. If it's the first time you
started it, you'll be prompted to register your bot with Twitch. You can reuse
the name of an existing bot you control, or create a dedicated account. The bot
doesn't need a modsword or other privileges. Fill in your channel name in the
top right, tick the box to enable "Notice Me!", adjust parameters if required,
and click "Save" in the bottom center of the screen.

At this point, StilleBot is listening to your chat, and taking notice of who is
speaking. (If you filled in a keyword, only those who say that keyword will be
noticed.) You can then open up "Whisper to Participants", key in the password or
secret code, and then click on people's names to send them the info. What you do
with this power is up to you, now :)
