templates/chan_triggers.md, before:

# Triggered responses for $$channel$$

Every chat message is checked against these triggers (in order). All matching
responses will be sent. Unlike [commands](commands), triggers do not require
that the command name be at the start of the message; they can react to any
word or phrase anywhere in the message. They can also react to a variety of
other aspects of the message, including checking whether the person is a mod,
by using appropriate conditionals. Any response can be given, as per command
handling.

Channel moderators may add and edit these responses below.

ID          | Response | -
------------|----------|----
-           | $$loadingmsg$$
{: #triggers}

$$save_or_login$$

> ### Edit trigger response <code id=cmdname></code>
> <div id=command_details></div>
>
> <p><button type=button id=save_advanced>Save</button> <button type=button class=dialog_close>Cancel</button> <button type=button id=delete_advanced>Delete?</button></p>
>
{: tag=dialog #advanced_view}

<style>
table {width: 100%;}
th, td {width: 100%;}
dialog td:last-of-type {width: 100%;}
th:first-of-type, th:last-of-type, td:first-of-type, td:last-of-type {width: max-content;}
td:nth-of-type(2n+1):not([colspan]) {white-space: nowrap;}
.gap {height: 1em;}
td ul {margin: 0;}
</style>

Commit message:

Per TODO, redescribe triggers and specials

templates/chan_triggers.md, after:

# Triggered responses for $$channel$$

Every chat message is checked against these triggers (in order). All matching
responses will be sent. Unlike [commands](commands), triggers do not require
that the command name be at the start of the message; they can react to any
word or phrase anywhere in the message. They can also react to a variety of
other aspects of the message, including checking whether the person is a mod,
by using appropriate conditionals. Any response can be given, as per command
handling.

To respond to special events such as subscriptions, see [Special Triggers](specials).

Channel moderators may add and edit these responses below.

ID          | Response | -
------------|----------|----
-           | $$loadingmsg$$
{: #triggers}

$$save_or_login$$

> ### Edit trigger response <code id=cmdname></code>
> <div id=command_details></div>
>
> <p><button type=button id=save_advanced>Save</button> <button type=button class=dialog_close>Cancel</button> <button type=button id=delete_advanced>Delete?</button></p>
>
{: tag=dialog #advanced_view}

<style>
table {width: 100%;}
th, td {width: 100%;}
dialog td:last-of-type {width: 100%;}
th:first-of-type, th:last-of-type, td:first-of-type, td:last-of-type {width: max-content;}
td:nth-of-type(2n+1):not([colspan]) {white-space: nowrap;}
.gap {height: 1em;}
td ul {margin: 0;}
</style>
