templates/hypetrain.md, before:

# Train Tracks
## $$channelname$$ hype train

<div id=status></div>

WARNING: Audio alerts may not play if you have not interacted with the page.
Click anywhere to enable alerts.
{:#interact-warning .hidden}

<button type=button id=refresh>Refresh</button>

$$emotes$$
{:#emotes}

[Check which hype emotes you have](/checklist)

<button type=button id=configure>Configure</button>

NOTE: Anonymous events will not be reported here (as of June 2020 - this may
change in the future). If an anonymous cheer or sub causes the hype train to
advance to the next level, you may need to click Refresh to see it, or wait
for a non-anonymous event afterwards. (The anonymous event WILL be counted in
the total progression.)

Note also that broadcaster actions do not affect hype trains at all - you can't
start a hype train for yourself, nor can you progress it. Except for the sneaky
loophole of anonymity, of course...

<style>
#emotes li > img:last-of-type {display: none;}
#emotes.hardmode li > img:last-of-type {display: inline-block;}
#emotes li.available:before {content: "Earnable: ";}
#emotes li.next:before {content: "Next goal: ";}
#emotes li:not(.next):not(.available) {display: none;}

/* Show a larger version of the emotes on hover */
#emotes em {
	position: relative;
	width: 0; height: 0;
}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(0) {left: 0px;} /* Manually do the calculations :( */
#emotes em:nth-of-type(1) {left: 30px;}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(2) {left: 60px;}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(3) {left: 90px;}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(4) {left: 120px;}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(5) {left: 150px;}
#emotes em img {
	display: none;
	position: absolute;
	background: white;
	border: 2px solid black;
	box-shadow: 5px 5px 10px 0px cyan;
	padding: 2px;
	margin: 2px;
}
#emotes img:hover + em img {display: block;}

audio {display: none;}
#config li {margin-bottom: 1.5em;}
#interact-warning {
	background: #ffff88;
	border: 3px solid #ffaa00;
	width: max-content;
	padding: 0.5em;
}
#interact-warning.hidden {display: none;}
</style>

<script>window.channelid = $$channelid$$;</script>
<script type=module src="/static/hypetrain.js"></script>

> <button type=button class=dialog_cancel>x</button>
>
> Train Track configuration <!-- that sounds like something completely different -->
>
> <form id=configform>
> * <label><input type=checkbox name=use_start> Play sound on hype train start</label><br>
>   Volume <input type=range name=vol_start value=100><br>
>   <button type=button class="play" id="play_start">&#x25b6;</button>
>   CC-BY-3.0 audio clip from [Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/ecodios/sounds/119963/)
> * <label><input type=checkbox name=use_insistent> Play insistent sound on end of cooldown</label><br>
>   Volume <input type=range name=vol_insistent value=100><br>
>   <button type=button class="play" id="play_insistent">&#x25b6;</button>
>   CC-BY-3.0 audio clip from [Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/tim.kahn/sounds/22627/)
> * <label><input type=checkbox name=use_ding> Play ding sound on end of cooldown</label><br>
>   Volume <input type=range name=vol_ding value=100><br>
>   <button type=button class="play" id="play_ding">&#x25b6;</button>
>   CC-0 audio clip from [Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/ccr_fs/sounds/484718/)
>
> <p><button>Save</button> <button type=button class=dialog_close>Cancel</button></p>
> </form>
{: tag=dialog #config}

<audio id=sfx_start controls src="/static/whistle.flac" preload="none"></audio>
<audio id=sfx_insistent controls src="/static/insistent.flac" preload="none"></audio>
<audio id=sfx_ding controls src="/static/ding.mp3" preload="none"></audio>

Commit message:

Add an explanatory block (courtesy of Mirror) regarding hype train initialization

templates/hypetrain.md, after:

# Train Tracks
## $$channelname$$ hype train

<div id=status></div>

WARNING: Audio alerts may not play if you have not interacted with the page.
Click anywhere to enable alerts.
{:#interact-warning .hidden}

<button type=button id=refresh>Refresh</button>

$$emotes$$
{:#emotes}

[Check which hype emotes you have](/checklist)

<button type=button id=configure>Configure</button>

NOTE: Anonymous events will not be reported here (as of June 2020 - this may
change in the future). If an anonymous cheer or sub causes the hype train to
advance to the next level, you may need to click Refresh to see it, or wait
for a non-anonymous event afterwards. (The anonymous event WILL be counted in
the total progression.)

Note also that broadcaster actions do not affect hype trains at all - you can't
start a hype train for yourself, nor can you progress it. Except for the sneaky
loophole of anonymity, of course...

Please note that while this site will advise whether there is a cool down in
effect (and of course provide useful information when a Hype Train is in process),
there is currently no way of advising whether a Streamer has disabled Hype Trains
for their stream, the number of actions required to trigger it, or the difficulty
level to which it has been set (although this can be deduced during a hype train,
it cannot be seen outside of one).

<style>
#emotes li > img:last-of-type {display: none;}
#emotes.hardmode li > img:last-of-type {display: inline-block;}
#emotes li.available:before {content: "Earnable: ";}
#emotes li.next:before {content: "Next goal: ";}
#emotes li:not(.next):not(.available) {display: none;}

/* Show a larger version of the emotes on hover */
#emotes em {
	position: relative;
	width: 0; height: 0;
}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(0) {left: 0px;} /* Manually do the calculations :( */
#emotes em:nth-of-type(1) {left: 30px;}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(2) {left: 60px;}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(3) {left: 90px;}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(4) {left: 120px;}
#emotes em:nth-of-type(5) {left: 150px;}
#emotes em img {
	display: none;
	position: absolute;
	background: white;
	border: 2px solid black;
	box-shadow: 5px 5px 10px 0px cyan;
	padding: 2px;
	margin: 2px;
}
#emotes img:hover + em img {display: block;}

audio {display: none;}
#config li {margin-bottom: 1.5em;}
#interact-warning {
	background: #ffff88;
	border: 3px solid #ffaa00;
	width: max-content;
	padding: 0.5em;
}
#interact-warning.hidden {display: none;}
</style>

<script>window.channelid = $$channelid$$;</script>
<script type=module src="/static/hypetrain.js"></script>

> <button type=button class=dialog_cancel>x</button>
>
> Train Track configuration <!-- that sounds like something completely different -->
>
> <form id=configform>
> * <label><input type=checkbox name=use_start> Play sound on hype train start</label><br>
>   Volume <input type=range name=vol_start value=100><br>
>   <button type=button class="play" id="play_start">&#x25b6;</button>
>   CC-BY-3.0 audio clip from [Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/ecodios/sounds/119963/)
> * <label><input type=checkbox name=use_insistent> Play insistent sound on end of cooldown</label><br>
>   Volume <input type=range name=vol_insistent value=100><br>
>   <button type=button class="play" id="play_insistent">&#x25b6;</button>
>   CC-BY-3.0 audio clip from [Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/tim.kahn/sounds/22627/)
> * <label><input type=checkbox name=use_ding> Play ding sound on end of cooldown</label><br>
>   Volume <input type=range name=vol_ding value=100><br>
>   <button type=button class="play" id="play_ding">&#x25b6;</button>
>   CC-0 audio clip from [Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/ccr_fs/sounds/484718/)
>
> <p><button>Save</button> <button type=button class=dialog_close>Cancel</button></p>
> </form>
{: tag=dialog #config}

<audio id=sfx_start controls src="/static/whistle.flac" preload="none"></audio>
<audio id=sfx_insistent controls src="/static/insistent.flac" preload="none"></audio>
<audio id=sfx_ding controls src="/static/ding.mp3" preload="none"></audio>
